Okay so this is not yet a working code few issues that need to be resolved, but I needed to make a few chnages from Xi's code  so that 
 the code is more modular so everyone can do their bit once the app is running properly.
First thing is first open 2 terminals 1 for backend and one for front-end, forget about the mongosh that is what I used to see if it
was connected properly to the mongoDB which is in fact correct. 
The high level overview and structure of the application is this.
1. AppTtile
2. Nav buttons: which includes 1. Home 2. Connect 3. News Essentially there are two pages the Home page which is loaded automatically
with the webpage. So essentially it should load at the beginning straightaway. The news
pages is currently only a placeholder which needs to be done. However if you click it it should say "News will be provided later".
Lets focus on the HomePage
The Home page has the two components the PricePage the code which plot the crypto currencies exact same as before and then there is 
also the asset allocation component which will include the pca and hrp from the python code will need to include that in javascript 
there is an ml-js library to peform pca and portfoliojs for |Hierachical Risk parity, the javascript equivalent of sk-learn.


After all of this at the bottom of the page there is a Footer. So very simply the web app is now component based so we can all 
individually work on the differnet components. The news page needs to be done feel free to be creative with that. 
The connection to metamask the code should work but for some reason I get an error. It is likely do to the index.js and reactWeb3 
that needs to be sorted out aswell.

So currently it should look the exact same as before except now when you click news you go to a news page and from there you can click 
the home button and it will take you back to the home page with the priceplot component. Currently how the connect button should work
it will just print out 
your address instead of the button after you have clicked it. This is not optimal and will not look nice so needs to be chnaged. Don't need 
to get the address of the wallet or whatever but it was just what rami did (extra material) and I just copied the code from that
and made it fit to the navigation button.

So the app doesn't currently compile but hopefully it should be a quick fix. I am not sure why it doesn't as of yet so someone needs 
to sort this out. 

The back-end works at least I hope it does. Completely forget about the utils folder and ipfs-access this was when I tried to use the ipfs
core instead but it didn't work so moved to mongoDB. Dekete it from your computer. 
